oh what's up everybody  couch mills here coming at you with a  brand new valet video and in this video  we got to talk about the mobile valor  game the console valor and game cross  play there's a lot we got to talk about  and break down now i know that many of  you have been grinding incredibly hard  this spring to reach your all-time peak  but you're getting a little musty and  here to help is our returning manscaped  partnership now manscape sent us an all  new package that includes things like  the deodorant and body wash and even  this really [ __ ] good lip balm i'm  serious you can get the performance  package 4.0 that comes with waterproof  shavers and trimmers everything you need  from all-in-one shampoos conditioners to  body washes and more accessories like  these and here's the thing i'm gonna be  real with you guys for a second it's  super easy  for you to just neglect your physical  and mental health as guys it happens all  too often but really if you're not  physically feeling good you're not gonna  mentally feel good as well and manscaped  has everything you need so that you're  at the tip top of your game so what are  you waiting for use code milfs right now  down below in the links at the manskeep  checkout for 20 off your order and free  shipping go check it out right now  down below  but jumping right into the video we have  actual confirmation that valor mobile  has entered testing we can see it from  these screenshots right here we really  get to see that there is a lot of  features as far as the buttons on the  screen the game looks more or less the  same but it's for freaking mobile phones  which is definitely a little bit  ridiculous but interesting nonetheless  in addition to that we know for sure  that riot is grinding out a  console version of this game and what i  think that ultimately it's a good thing  that this game is going to be added to  more people's homes more people are  going to be able to play it and there  will be more popularity behind the game  i also fear that there will be any sort  of cross play i think that even in the  casual modes there should be no form of  cross play especially not between pc and  mobile but even between pc and console  it just would be completely ridiculous  for attack shooter not only would just  pc users just absolutely stomp it would  create an imbalance that i just think  wouldn't really be fun for console  players at all so why would you include  them together now if you tried to offset  that with something like aim assist or  bullet magnetism or whatever that's just  inviting a whole wave of just a [ __ ]  show i really hope that they're just  trying to add these in not into the main  game ecosystem but to get people excited  about the game so that maybe they  [ __ ] go out and buy a pc and then  they can play valorance not vice versa  i've personally been seeing this more  and more often especially with a game  like apex that is just incredibly good  and really fun to play but  always every single time there's a sick  clip if it's from a mouse and keyboard  player people are like oh but y'all are  complaining about aim assists right and  if it's from a controller player they're  like oh low aim assist basically  negating all their skill so regardless  it's just like a constant war and it's  just stupid and i really think what  makes valor so special is when there's a  really sick clip everyone gives props to  that sick clip no one's like oh that guy  is hacking like they do in freaking call  of duty where everyone just kind of  accuses anyone that is actually good at  the game of hacking even if they're not  or apex where you know people just put  people into these camps where they're  you know pc versus console valor is  different valerent respects skill and it  respects competitive integrity and i  think a huge part of that is making sure  that the other platforms are completely  separate and i haven't really talked  that much about this issue before  because i just thought that there would  be no possible chance that there would  be any sort of cross play but i've seen  a lot of comments a lot of people are  freaking out about it they're a little  scared or nervous about it most people  of course don't care about it but some  people are a little bit concerned about  it and i hope ryde does the right thing  they've done the right thing more often  than not so yeah i hope that this  development is just to grow the  population of the game and not trying to  grow the overall player pool with some  sort of cross-play edition but let me  know how you feel about this do you  think that console and mobile players  should be able to like play spike rush  or maybe unrated with their pc  counterparts or do you think that  everything should just always be  separate no matter what how do you feel  about that how do you feel about riot  actually putting a lot of development  resources into expanding into console  and mobile do you think it's a waste of  time or do you think it actually has  merit regardless of cross play or no  cross play i definitely want to hear  your opinion about all that down below  go check out our manscape partnership  and use code milfs at the manscape  checkout for 20 off the order right now  in the links down below